we're here in Sioux Corte now behind me
is the very first city of Thailand even
before a utr over 700 years ago
it is a mesmerizing place to be I'm
going to cook today cow putt blood duel
which is fried rice using paddle which
is one of the most commonly eaten fish a
little mackerel that have been steamed
and one thing that's very characteristic
about this fish is the head is always
bent on this side that's actually how
they fit it into the little steamer
basket so with this fried rice we start
with some oil hot pan and about 2
tablespoons of oil into the pan then I
have some white shallot you can use the
golden shallot or the red salat but the
white shallot just adds a bit more
sharpness to the dish don't Brown the
onions just sweat them slightly so the
sweetness starts to come out and then
one egg just push the egg from side to
side and let it semi cook then some
carrot cut into battens and also some
little snap peas as well just hold
then we add in the rice we've got some
jasmine rice ha Molly rice which has
been cooked and the best rice to use is
one that is one day old at least so the
rice starts to dry up and then it
absorbs all the moisture as its cooking
a fried rice should be done quickly so
that it retains its color we don't want
any burnt color from the bottom of the
wok I've got here some stems from a
pumpkin some spring onions
Chinese cabbage and Ben shoots then I've
got the meat from the bottle fish which
has been broken up about quarter of a
cup this here is a banana blossom please
use these they are crunchy they add
flavor and texture very nice just a few
thin strands of that into the rice and
we're nearly done allow the duel
fish to break up slightly but don't
mince it just break it slightly
okay now to season this dish we've got
about one teaspoon of brown sugar some
fish sauce and just a little bit of
oyster sauce as well about half a
tablespoon
so then it's done a quick taste make
sure we always taste our food it is
almost as good as the amazing structure
behind me it's perfect
okay to present that take a small bowl
and put the rice into the bowl and then
form it press it into the bowl take your
presentation bowl upside down flip it
over and remove that one there garnish
with some fresh cucumber and some spring
onions simple and delicious we have here
cow putt blood doll or fried rice using
what do fish
if you've been enjoying the dishes we've
been cooking on Duncan's Thai kitchen
why not give them a go at home I've put
pen to paper and now a selection of my
favorite easy-to-follow recipes from the
series are available in the latest
cookbook
Duncan's Thai kitchen